Hi, welcome back.
Again, just a short video on the improvements
you can make to this processing code,
multiprocessing code.
Instead of using the multiprocessing module,
you can just use the concurrent futures module.
And you can import the Process Pool Executor.
Same thing as a Thread Pool Executor,
only it creates processes instead and
the actual process is gonna be exactly the same,
so we're gonna delete these two,
and these two here, and we're gonna say
with Process Pool, Process Pool Executor.
Max workers, there's gonna be two
because we have two things we want to run.
As pool, pool.submit, and complex calculation.
And then we're gonna duplicate that, and that's it.
Okay, just a little bit simpler code.
If you want your pool to stay alive
throughout your entire programme,
then maybe, ya know, submit a task,
get a result back, and bring the process back
into your pool of processes, so that you can reuse it.
You can do that with the Process Pool Executor.
All you have to do is not use with, instead, ya know,
define it as a variable and then you can submit tasks
to it and wait for them to finish,
and the process will go back into the pool
so that you can reuse it.
So, if you have a larger application,
it could be interesting to create a few processes
at the start, so that you don't have to
constantly be creating new processes,
'cause that can take a few milliseconds.
So, that's just a potential performance improvement,
nothing you have to worry about for now.
Anyway, just wanted to tell you a bit about how
to use this Process Pool Executor
because, again, it's a very popular thing
when you're doing multi-threaded code.
Suddenly you encounter that, you know,
you have to do two things at once
because they both need the CPU.
What you'll normally do in multi-threaded code
in that case is you will then submit a task
that requires a CPU over to a Process Pool Executor,
so that it can run on a separate core
and then bring back the result.
Okay, so using Process Pool Executor
is actually quite common in multi-threaded code
when you need to do that in two cores.
Not so common to, you know,
run complex multi-core applications in Python
because it's just not that good for it.
Okay?
That's it for this video, I'll see you on the next one.